I believe in post secondary education that is going to college getting
graduate degree I believe you should go as far as your intellectual
capabilities will allow you and I believe you should keep going and
I think that that's a good thing to do and I think it will get you
ahead in the military as well and so it's a good thing to do in the
military so I think you probably shouldn't senator trying to do both
simultaneously if at all possible because the military see stable life
with good benefits and and good money so you can do military won't
work and collegiate level work at the same time and still get the
benefits of money and that medical support for you and your family
and a a AS